So let's now create a gulp task that will go to our plugins folder. And by plugins folder I mean the plugins folder
inside wp-content. And it will go to our plugin.
And in the packaged folder, it will take this file and move it to our theme in the lib and plugins. So that
it will be included automatically when we build our theme.
Let's go to the gulpfile in our theme, all right, no in our plugin. And let's create another one of these
for our plugins.
So let's create a new key "plugins:"
And the "src:" will be, it will be an array because we'llhave multiple plugins in the future.
But for now we only have one plugin.
So if you're currently inside our theme, gulpfile is inside our theme, so we need to go up and now we are
in the theme's folder.
So let's go up again.
And now we are in wp-content.
And then inside wp-content we need to go to plugins. And then I need to go to our plugin's name.
So let's copy this. Then the packaged.
So let's copy this. I like to copy and paste so that I won't make a silly typo.
And then you can use the * here to get whatever inside the packaged folder which will be this
one.
And the destination, we need to put this zip file inside lib and plugins.
So this task will be exactly like the "copy" task that we created,
this one. So let's actually copy this and we will just have to, let's call it "copyPlugins" and paths of plugins. And here
also. So the pipe() will just move the whatever in the source directories and put it in the destination.
And when do we need to run this task? It's when we build and bundle our file.
So in the build, after we run the "styles" and "scripts" and the this parallel tasks, let's run "copyPlugins".
And when we bundle build will be run so, this task will be run as well.
So let's try this now.
So in our theme, let's remove it just to check if it's working
when we build our theme. So inside our theme directory now let's run "npm run bundle".
And as you can see it run copyPlugins.
So let's go now to packaged and let's remove this.
And let's unzip this. And go to lib/plugins. And as you can see here got this from the plugins folder.
So right now when we update a plugin and build it again we won't have to worry about going to the
packaged folder in the plug directly and copying the plugin in the plugins folder in the lib directory.
This will automatically happen when we build our theme.
So I think this was a good improvement for JavaScript workflow.
So we've done a lot of work in this section and I know some of it might be confusing.
Make sure to watch the last lecture again if you're still a bit confused. What we did in this section will
actually save us a lot of time when we create other plugins for other features in our theme.
So that was it for this section.
Let me know if you would be interested in a course for creating like a many advanced custom fields
plugin on your own. And see you in the next lecture.